(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(ROARS)
(NARRATOR READING)
(KION READING)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
Incoming!
Fire! Fire from the sky!
(PANICKED) Fire? No!
Does that mean Scar?
Beshte! Ono! Bunga!
Take care of the fire!
Fuli, we'll get the
giraffes to safety!
Giraffes! This way!
Everyone! Follow Kion!
I got this one!
And I got this one!
(SQUAWKS)
And that one almost got me!
Don't worry.
You'll be safe here.
Ow...
Safe from the fire, at least.
All clear, Kion! Fire's out!
Okay, giraffes.
You're good to go.
Ah! Thank goodness!
Scar's gotta be
behind all this fire
falling from the sky.
But how's he doing it?
Ono? Any ideas?
I wish I knew.
But no matter how high I fly,
it's always coming
from above me!
Well, maybe next time you can
try to fly even higher!
I'll do my best.
And now's your chance. Look!
FULI: They're falling over
Chakula Plains!
Here I go!
And we're back on fire patrol!
Chakula Plains! Fast!
Hmm...
Oh, they're coming
from up there...
(PANTING)
Above the clouds...
Air... Too thin...
(PANTING)
Can't go... any higher.
There. That's the last one!
Till the next one.
Ono?
(PANTING) I flew as high
as I could. But I still
couldn't get high enough.
It's okay, Ono.
I know you did your best.
It's just that
egrets can only
fly so high...
Hey, wait. I know somebody
who can fly really high.
Her name's Anga.
Is she a bird?
Yeah, Little B. She's a bird.
Anga's a martial eagle!
A martial eagle!
Oh, they're amazing flyers.
And they do fly high.
Very high!
Common knowledge, really.
You think she'd help us?
I think so.
I don't know her that well.
She doesn't talk much.
Well, let's go ask her!
Anga? Anga?
Huh. I don't see her.
But I'm pretty sure
she lives in
one of these trees...
Hey! What's that up there?
Another fire stick?
Thankfully, no.
It's a martial eagle.
That must be Anga.
Hey! Anga! Down here!
Anga lenga!
She's coming down pretty fast.
And right at us!
You do something
to make her mad?
Me?
I don't think
she's gonna stop!
Heyvi kabisa!
Everyone, duck!
(ALL YELP)
Hi.
Whoa! That landing
was un-Bunga-lievable!
I agree. For once.
Hey, Anga!
I want you to meet
Kion and the...
Lion Guard.
I know who you are.
'Course you do!
We are the Protectors
of the Pride Lands.
Defenders of the
Circle of Life?
Uh... Aren't we?
Of course, we are.
But if you know who we are,
why'd you buzz us like that?
That's how I land.
So, Anga.
We were hoping
you could help us.
We need someone
who can fly
really, really high.
Like you.
Sure seems like
you're the right bird
for the job.
Did we mention
it's a job with
the Lion Guard?
Let me talk to her,
bird to bird.
Anga, you would really be
helping us out...
I'm in.
But you're the only one
who can...
Wait, did she just say
she'd do it?
(SCOFFS) Sounds like it.
Yep.
So? When do we start?
ONO: (NERVOUSLY)
Hapana! More fire sticks!
Falling over Embamba Canyon!
Then we start now!
Let's go!
Ono, Anga, find out
where those fire sticks
are coming from!
We'll put out the fires!
Affirmative!
Come on, Ang...
Oh! (YELPS)
They're coming from up there!
(PANTING)
Getting... Hard to
breathe again.
Save your breath, Ono.
I got this.
Anga lenga!
Remember,
whatever you find,
report back to me!
Gotcha.
(CAPTIVATING
INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
Hmm.
(SHIMMERING)
Vultures?
Those bone pickers!
Anga lenga!
Oh, dear.
Seems we've been spotted.
By an eagle, no less.
Should we break off
the attack?
Not without putting it
to a vote.
Oi! She's getting closer!
MZINGO: (SPEAKS FAST)
Ah. Then I propose
we break off the attack
and reconvene
somewhere safe
to discuss whether or not
we should break off
the attack! All in favor?
ALL: Aye!
(GASPS)
(VULTURES LAUGH CUNNINGLY)
(PANTING)
They're lucky I promised
to report back to Ono.
ONO: Everyone! Everyone!
We figured it out!
Mmm?
Or Anga figured it out,
really.
Uh, Anga?
You want to tell them?
It's the vultures.
They're the ones
dropping the fire sticks.
ALL: Vultures?
That's why we couldn't
spot them.
Vultures can fly
very, very high.
Common knowledge, really.
Scar must've
put them up to it.
Well, it ends now.
Now we know
what we're up against.
Thanks, Anga.
We're not going to let
Scar's vultures control
the Pride Lands' skies.
That's right!
Let me at them vultures!
Bunga, you can't fly.
So? Anga can carry me up.
Then I'll send
those vultures flyin'!
(GRUNTING)
Give me a lift?
(HESITATINGLY)
Is that a yes?
You know, Bunga's right.
I am?
He is?
Yeah. If we're gonna
fight the vultures,
we need sky power.
Hear that?
Let's go, Anga!
Zuka... (GROANS)
(WOOZILY) Zama...
Not like that, Bunga.
What we need are birds.
And lots of them.
Yes! That could
totally work!
The trick is getting
all of the birds
to come together!
Yeah. Birds can be
kind of flighty.
Get it? Birds?
They fly...
ONO: Of course!
I know who can help us
assemble a squadron of birds!
Hadithi!
Hadithi?
Interesting.
Great idea, Ono.
Wherever Hadithi goes,
birds follow.
Last I heard,
Hadithi was hanging out
near the Urembo River.
Okay. Ono, go ask Hadithi
if he'd be willing to help.
On it.
Thanks for your help, Anga.
Nice meeting you.
I could come too!
To find Hadithi.
Or... Whatever.
Sure. Come on!
Fantastic!
(JOYFUL INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
You martial eagles
sure fly high.
We do.
And you're a very
impressive flyer, Anga.
Thanks.
I wish I could do
that fast swoop and
sudden stop like you.
You do?
But you're Ono.
Keenest of sight.
You're really special!
Any eagle can swoop and stop.
Oh, not just any eagle.
Well, it's pretty easy.
Come on, I'll show you!
(LIGHT MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ Take a deep breath
and I'll show you how
♪ We'll soar as high
as your wings will allow
♪ Now swing them back
and lead with your beak
♪ Swoop and dive
and try not to speak
♪ Our wings are the same
but not much more
♪ But even so
we still see and soar
♪ Height and sight
♪ To fly and to see
♪ We learn from each other
♪ So come and follow me
♪ I can see bugs
from high in the sky
♪ I can stop and nose dive
mid-air while I fly
♪ Look down there
see the turaco nest?
♪ Third tree from the cliff?
♪ Hey, yeah!
♪ I'm impressed
♪ Our wings are the same
but not much more
BOTH:
♪ But even so
we still see and soar
ANGA:
♪ Height and sight
♪ To fly and to see
♪ We learn from each other
♪ So come and follow me
BOTH:
♪ Height and sight
♪ To fly and to see
♪ We learn from each other
♪ So come and follow me
ANGA:
♪ So come and follow me! ♪
There's the Urembo River...
(GASPS)
And there's Hadithi!
...and then I rescued the
klipspringers from the hyenas.
BIRDS: Ooh!
Oh. I hope he's not back
to taking credit
for things he didn't do.
Which I never could have done
without Ono of the Lion Guard
showing me how
to be a real hero.
BIRDS: Oh!
Huh! What do ya know?
Come on, Anga.
Let me introduce you!
Ono!
I was just telling
these fine birds
about our adventures.
Everyone, meet Ono!
Hero of the
Pride Lands!
Ono.
Of the Lion Guard.
Wow!
Uh, hi, everybody.
Um, Hadithi,
this is my friend Anga.
Well, any friend of Ono's
is a friend of mine.
What do you say, Anga?
Uh... Um...
(EXCITEDLY)
You're Hadithi!
Indeed, I am.
He's Hadithi!
Hadithi the Hero!
♪ Hadithi the Hero!
wherever he goes! ♪
Yes. That's me.
So to what do I owe
this honor, old friend?
The Lion Guard
needs you, Hadithi.
Actually,
all the Pride Lands need you.
Me? Why would the Pride Lands
need me?
You're Hadithi!
Ah. Well yes, of course.
Well, then. Let's be off.
"You're Hadithi."
What was I thinking?
I think that's them!
Yep! They got Hadithi!
Think we should tell
all the birds
about Hadithi?
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
I think they figured it out.
(EXCITED CHIRPING
AND TWEETING GROWS)
Thanks for coming, Hadithi.
Uh, everyone?
(LOUDER)
Everyone...
Please listen!
(CHIRPING CONTINUES)
(CHIRPING STOPS)
My fellow birds.
It's good to see
you all again.
We missed you, Hadithi!
And I missed
each and every one of you.
(CHIRPING RESUMES)
(CHIRPING STOPS)
But, I believe Kion
has something important
to tell us.
We've recently learned
that the fire sticks
falling on the Pride Lands
are coming from the vultures.
(BIRDS GASPS)
And that's why
we've asked all of you here.
The Lion Guard has shown
great bravery protecting you,
especially on the ground.
But now we need
to control the skies.
The Outlanders
want to scare us.
But I won't let that happen.
Together we'll teach them
not to mess
with birds of the Pride Lands!
(BIRDS CHIRPING IN AGREEMENT)
Are they cheering?
I don't talk bird.
Wait a tick...
Anga? You see what I see?
ANGA: Smoke trails.
And you know what that means!
So will you join me?
Are we together?
ONO: Vultures!
(ALL GASP)
It looks they're headed
for the Maumivu Thorn Patch!
Those thorn bushes
are so dried out
they'll catch fire right away.
And with all the sharp thorns?
Once the fire's started,
we'll never be able
to put it out!
Hadithi, Ono! Don't let the
vultures make it
to the thorn patch.
Affirmative!
Birds of the Pride Lands!
No, that doesn't sound right.
Hadithi's High Flying Heroes!
Follow me!
Together, we will protect
the skies of the Pride Lands!
(BIRDS CHIRPING, WHISTLING
AND CHEERING)
What I wouldn't give
to be a bird right now.
We still have plenty of work
to do down here, Bunga.
Maumivu Thorn Patch! Let's go!
There!
Aim for the smoke trails!
All right, everyone.
This is it. Let's stop them.
Hmm.
If we can see them coming...
They can probably see us...
Remember, everyone,
Scar wants this fire
at Maumivu Thorn Patch.
So don't drop your fire
before then!
Is that clear, Mwoga?
Uh, yeah, Mzingo. But look!
MZINGO: Oh, dear.
Quite a few Pride Land birds
coming right towards us.
What d'we do?
What we always do.
Fly higher than they can!
Emergency resolution to gain
altitude. Those in favor?
ALL: Aye!
Everyone!
They're trying to fly
above us!
(CHUCKLES)
I do so enjoy looking
down on Pride Landers.
ANGA: Anga lenga!
(VULTURES SQUAWK)
Was that your little friend?
Little? No! Friend? Yes!
Indeed.
High Flying Heroes! Engage!
Whoa! Look at 'em go!
(BIRDS SQUAWKING)
And here come the fire sticks!
I got 'em, Kion.
Twende Kiboko!
FULI: Nice!
Way to go, Big B! Uh-oh.
Great work. Let's keep it up!
Oi! Get out of me face!
Green Bee Eaters! Help Ono!
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(GROANS)
Look what you made me do!
(YELLING) Hapana! I'm coming!
Got it!
(SCREAMING) Zuka Zama!
(GRUNTING)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
Dirt. Is there anything
it can't do?
(NERVOUSLY)
Reconvene! Reconvene!
Are they leaving?
Did we win?
I don't think so.
They're going back
for more fire sticks.
We'll see about that.
Green bee eaters.
Follow us.
(SQUAWKING)
Oh, dear.
(MWOGA GRUNTS)
(SQUAWKING)
Two against one?
That's hardly fair.
ANGA: Hi-ya!
BOTH: Whoa!
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(GROANING)
(GASPS) Hapana, Anga!
Gotta dive faster!
Just like Anga showed me.
(ONO GRUNTS)
I got you...
You got me?
Who's got you?
ONO: Oh!
(ONO STRAINING)
What?
I've got you both.
(ALL GRUNT)
(SQUAWKING)
ONO: Hapana!
Oh, no!
Pull up! Pull up!
(ONO STRAINING)
(GROANS)
Phew.
You okay, Anga?
(CRASHES)
Hadithi!
Everyone okay?
Fine. Just need a second.
I'm Hadithi. I'll be fine.
(STRAINING)
Soon as I get out
of these thorns.
We gotta get back up there
and stop those vultures.
(GASPING)
Here.
I'm afraid I'm grounded
for the moment.
Kion, use the Roar.
Blast those vultures
out of the sky.
And all the Pride Lands birds
along with them?
Yeah. The vultures
are too spread out.
But if the Pride Lands birds
got the Vultures
all in one place...
Hadithi, we need you
to lead them
in one last maneuver.
Sorry. Even if I could
extricate myself,
I'm not sure
I'd be sky worthy.
You can lead them, Ono.
Me?
I know you can do it.
Sometimes you have
no choice, Ono.
You just have to lead.
(INSPIRING MUSIC PLAYING)
Right. I'll do it.
But, Anga,
I'll need your help.
You got it.
Go get 'em, kids.
I believe in you both.
Hadithi believes in me?
Better believe it!
(SCATTERED CHIRPING
AND SQUAWKING)
Everyone, everyone!
(CLEARS THROAT)
Listen to me.
(CHIRPING AND SQUAWKING STOPS)
Here's the plan...
He's doing it.
MZINGO: Reconvene! Reconvene!
Ah, what now?
(INSPIRING MUSIC PLAYING)
(SQUAWKING)
I'm gettin' dizzy.
I propose we fly higher.
VULTURES: Aye!
ANGA: Oh, no, you don't.
(VULTURES MOANING)
Pride Landers!
Anga, clear out.
All clear, Kion.
(ROARING)
(SCREAMING)
(INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(ALL CHEERING)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
I knew you could do it.
Thanks, Hadithi.
That means a lot
coming from you.
And that means a lot
Those vultures
will think twice
before coming back
to the Pride Lands.
And if they do come back,
we'll be ready for them
thanks to the birds
of the Pride Lands.
(CHIRPING EXCITEDLY)
So, Anga?
How'd you like
working with Hadithi
and the Lion Guard?
I could get used to it.
(CHORUS VOCALIZING)
♪ Look out
Here comes the Lion Guard ♪